DOCS-9380-dw-pass-xml-example-kt (#1698)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-cookbook-pass-xml-attributes.adoc

= Pass XML Attributes
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: studio, anypoint, transform, transformer, format, aggregate, rename, split, filter convert, xml, json, csv, pojo, java object, metadata, dataweave, data weave, datamapper, dwl, dfl, dw, output structure, input structure, map, mapping

You might want to pass attributes from within an XML tag input source to the target output XML. The DataWeave example shows how to pass the XML attributes in the `NameDetail` field of the input source payload to the `TargetName` field of the XML output.
//LINK TO DW 1.0 EXAMPLES:
include::partial$dataweave1-links.adoc[tag=dataweave1Examples]

> This example uses the `map` function to iterate over the XML attributes items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses:
- `.*` multivalue selector that returns an array of NameDetail tags as its elements.
- `map` function to iterate over the array of NameDetail elements of the input.
- The dynamic attribute expression `@((dynamicAttributes))` to create the attributes of the new output tag selecting the attributes dynamically from the input.
```

= Pass XML Attributes
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: studio, anypoint, transform, transformer, format, aggregate, rename, split, filter convert, xml, json, csv, pojo, java object, metadata, dataweave, data weave, datamapper, dwl, dfl, dw, output structure, input structure, map, mapping

> You might want to pass attributes from within an XML tag input source to the target output XML. The DataWeave example shows how to pass the XML attributes in the `NameDetail` field of the input source payload to the `TargetName` field of the XML output.

Reviewer 2: "You might want to pass" -> "DataWeave enables you to pass" or maybe "You can pass" or similar.

//LINK TO DW 1.0 EXAMPLES:
include::partial$dataweave1-links.adoc[tag=dataweave1Examples]

This example uses:

> - `.*` multivalue selector that returns an array of NameDetail tags as its elements.

Reviewer 2: "NameDetail tags as its elements" -> "`NameDetail`  elements".  tags are the same things as elements

- `map` function to iterate over the array of NameDetail elements of the input.

> - The dynamic attribute expression `@((dynamicAttributes))` to create the attributes of the new output tag selecting the attributes dynamically from the input.

Reviewer 2: "output tag selecting" -> "output tag by selecting" ?
